Madam, this is Mr. He's mistake
He'll be back later.
Do you mean to let me sleep with Mr. Li?
Of course the newlyweds sleep together
The old lady is still waiting to hold her grandson
OK.
Young grandma
This is the sweet soup prepared by the old lady for you
This is the custom of Anchen
Wedding night
The bride must drink a bowl of lily lotus root
The meaning is a hundred years of harmony
Early birth
Those you came back to
Just happened to move slightly to our house to live with you
Are you okay with that?
No problem. Hmm.
Why does it feel so hot?
Mr. Li, you are back
Li Wen, take a look
If there is no problem, just sign it.
What do you mean?
Divorce me in a year
Continue to destroy my children
I am responsible for him and the child